docs: Document optimizer and Iceberg properties (#27775)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

Catalog Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following catalog properties affect materialized view storage tables and
refresh behavior. Storage naming and location properties apply at materialized

> view creation time and can be overridden per-view via the ``storage_schema`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
view creation time and can be overridden per-view by using the ``storage_schema`` and
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for via](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#via) for discussion and alternatives.

Author: Addressed in c48b9649aa by replacing `via` with `by using` in that sentence.
